## 11.1.0

##### Fixed
- Fixes an issue introduced in `11.0.0` where the push token status would not always be reported in all circumstances.
- Fixes a display bug where an in-app message would appear truncated after certain keyboard dismissal scenarios.
- Fixes a reference cycle in `Braze.NewsFeedCard.Context` that could prevent the card from being deallocated.

##### Added
- Adds a public initializer for `Braze.Notifications.Payload`.

## 11.0.0

##### Breaking
- Adds support for [Swift 6 strict concurrency checking](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/swift/adoptingswift6).
  - Relevant public Braze classes and data types now conform to the `Sendable` protocol and can be safely used across concurrency contexts.
  - Main thread-only APIs are now marked with the `@MainActor` attribute.
  - We recommend using Xcode 16.0 or later to take advantage of these features while minimizing the number of warnings generated by the compiler. Previous versions of Xcode may still be used, but some features may generate warnings.
- When integrating push notification support manually, you may need to update the `UNUserNotificationCenterDelegate` conformance to use the `@preconcurrency` attribute to prevent warnings.
  - Applying the `@preconcurrency` attribute on protocol conformance is only available in Xcode 16.0 or later. Reference our sample integration code [here](https://github.com/braze-inc/braze-swift-sdk/tree/main/Examples/Swift/Sources/PushNotifications-Manual).
  - As of Xcode 16.0, Apple has not yet audited the `UNUserNotificationCenterDelegate` protocol for Swift concurrency.
  ```swift
  extension AppDelegate: @preconcurrency UNUserNotificationCenterDelegate {
    // Your existing implementation
  }
  ```
- Updates the `SDWebImage` dependency in `BrazeUICompat` and sample apps to `5.19.7+` to support Swift 6 strict concurrency checking.

#### Fixed
- Fixes the push authorization status reporting to display the proper push token status on the Dashboard when a user has not explicitly accepted or declined push permissions.

## 10.3.1

##### Fixed
- Improves the reliability of sending updates to Live Activities that were launched via a push-to-start notification to an app in the terminated state.

## 10.3.0

##### Fixed
- Fixes the in-app message orientation validation logic, which prevented certain device classes from displaying messages under certain orientation configurations.
- Fixes the default behavior on full-screen in-app messages to display as modals only on tablet screen sizes.
  - Previously, full-screen messages would erroneously default to modal presentations on some larger phones.
- Fixes a crash when dismissing a slideup in-app message before it has finished presenting.
- Fixes an issue on iOS 18.0+ where the in-app message UI would persist on the screen when attempting to dismiss the message before it has finished presenting.
- Updates custom attribute value, custom event, and purchase string validation to use a 255 character maximum instead of a 255 byte maximum.

##### Added
- The [`Braze.set(identifierForAdvertiser:)`](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazekit/braze/set(identifierforadvertiser:)) and [`Braze.set(identifierForVendor:)`](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazekit/braze/set(identifierforvendor:)) methods now accept a `nil` parameter value to remove the identifiers from the user profile.
- Adds additional safeguards to `Braze.Notifications.subscribeToUpdates` to ensure the same Push notification can't trigger the update closure multiple times.

## 10.2.0

##### Fixed
- Updates the content card image background color to be clear.

##### Added
- Adds support for an upcoming Braze SDK Debugging tool.

## 10.1.0

##### Fixed
- Fixes an issue affecting the Objective-C variants of `BrazeDelegate`, `BrazeContentCardUIViewControllerDelegate` and `BrazeInAppMessageUIDelegate`.
  - When setting these delegates in Objective-C a second time, the delegate would end up being set to `nil`.
  - This issue has been resolved and the delegates can now be set multiple times without issue.

##### Added
- Adds support for delayed SDK initialization, allowing you to create the Braze instance outside of `application(_:didFinishLaunchingWithOptions:)`.
  - The SDK can now be initialized asynchronously, while conserving the ability to process incoming Braze push notifications.
  - Symbol documentation: [`Braze.prepareForDelayedInitialization(pushAutomation:)`](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazekit/braze/preparefordelayedinitialization(pushautomation:))
  - Integration documentation: [_Delayed Initialization_](https://braze.com/docs/developer_guide/platform_integration_guides/swift/advanced_use_cases/delayed_initialization/)
  - Sample app: [_PushNotifications-DelayedInitialization_](https://github.com/braze-inc/braze-swift-sdk/tree/main/Examples#pushnotifications-delayedinitialization).
- Adds the ability to prevent showing an in-app message to a different user than the one that triggered the in-app message.
  - To enable this feature, set [`Braze.Configuration.preventInAppMessageDisplayForDifferentUser`](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazekit/braze/configuration-swift.class/preventinappmessagedisplayfordifferentuser) to `true` (default: `false`).

## 10.0.0

##### Breaking
- The following changes have been made when subscribing to Push events with [`Braze.Notifications.subscribeToUpdates(payloadTypes:_:)`][push-subscribe]:
  - The `update` closure will now be triggered by both "Push Opened" and "Push Received" events by default. Previously, it would only be triggered by "Push Opened" events.
    - To continue subscribing only to "Push Opened" events, pass in `[.opened]` for the parameter `payloadTypes`. Alternatively, implement your `update` closure to check that the `type` from the `Braze.Notifications.Payload` is `.opened`.
  - When receiving a push notification with `content-available: true`, the [`Braze.Notifications.Payload.type`][payload-type] will now be `.received` instead of `.opened`.
- Marks the following deprecated APIs as unavailable:
  - `Braze.Configuration.Api.Flavor`
  - `Braze.Configuration.Api.flavor`
  - `Braze.Configuration.Api.SdkMetadata`
  - `Braze.Configuration.Api.addSdkMetadata(_:)`
  - `Braze.ContentCard.ClickAction.uri(_:useWebview:)`
  - `Braze.ContentCard.ClickAction.uri`
  - `Braze.InAppMessage.ClickAction.uri(_:useWebview:)`
  - `Braze.InAppMessage.ClickAction.uri`
  - `Braze.InAppMessage.ModalImage.imageUri`
  - `Braze.InAppMessage.Full.imageUri`
  - `Braze.InAppMessage.FullImage.imageUri`
  - `Braze.InAppMessage.Themes.default`
  - `Braze.deviceId(queue:completion:)`
  - `Braze._objc_deviceId(completion:)`
  - `Braze.deviceId()`
  - `Braze.User.setCustomAttributeArray(key:array:fileID:line:)`
  - `Braze.User.addToCustomAttributeArray(key:value:fileID:line:)`
  - `Braze.User.removeFromCustomAttributeArray(key:value:fileID:line:)`
  - `Braze.User._objc_addToCustomAttributeArray(key:value:)`
  - `Braze.User._objc_removeFromCustomAttributeArray(key:value:)`
  - `gifViewProvider`
  - `GifViewProvider.default`
- Removes the deprecated APIs:
  - `Braze.Configuration.DeviceProperty.pushDisplayOptions`
  - `Braze.InAppMessageRaw.Context.Error.extraProcessClickAction`
- Removes the deprecated `BrazeLocation` class in favor of `BrazeLocationProvider`.

##### Fixed
- Fixes a crash when handling a scheme-based deep link containing a registered `applink` domain (e.g. `applinks:example.com` with a deep link to `app://example.com/path`).

##### Added
- Adds support to subscribe to "Push Received" events via [`Braze.Notifications.subscribeToUpdates(payloadTypes:_:)`][push-subscribe].
  - The following notifications will trigger this subscription:
    - Notifications received in the foreground
    - Notifications with the field `content-available: true` received in the foreground or background
  - The following notifications will _not_ trigger this subscription:
    - Notifications received while terminated
    - Notifications received in the background without the field `content-available: true`
  - The new parameter `payloadTypes` will allow you to subscribe to "Push Opened" events, "Push Received" events, or both. If the parameter is omitted, it will subscribe to both by default.
  - If you are using manual push integration, you will need to first implement `UNUserNotificationCenter.userNotificationCenter(_:willPresent:withCompletionHandler:)`, and make sure to call `Braze.Notifications.handleForegroundNotification(notification:)` within your implementation. Then, use `subscribeToUpdates` as noted above. See [our guide on push notification integration](https://www.braze.com/docs/developer_guide/platform_integration_guides/swift/push_notifications/integration/#step-3-enable-push-handling) for more info.
- Adds the public property [`Braze.Notifications.Payload.type`][payload-type].
- Adds the [`Braze.WebViewBridge.ScriptMessageHandler.init(braze:)`](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazekit/braze/webviewbridge/scriptmessagehandler/init(braze:)) initializer enabling a simpler way to initialize the `ScriptMessageHandler` for adding it to user-provided web views.

[push-subscribe]: https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazekit/braze/notifications-swift.class/subscribetoupdates(payloadtypes:_:)
[payload-type]: https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazekit/braze/notifications-swift.class/payload/type

## 9.3.1

##### Fixed
- Fixes an issue where the [`Braze.FeatureFlag.subscribeToUpdates(_:)`](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazekit/braze/featureflags-swift.class/subscribetoupdates(_:)) callback was not triggered at app launch when the cached feature flags matched the remote feature flags.
- Fixes an issue in Objective-C projects where the return value of `Braze.FeatureFlag.jsonProperty(key:)` would incorrectly encode any entry value equal to `null` under certain conditions.
  - `[String: Any]` dictionaries returned by the Swift API will now drop `null` values.
  - `NSDictionary` objects returned by the Objective-C API will now encode `null` values as `NSNull`.

## 9.3.0

##### Added
- Adds Objective-C support for the [`BrazeInAppMessageUIDelegate.inAppMessage(_:prepareWith:)`](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazeui/brazeinappmessageuidelegate/inappmessage(_:preparewith:)-11fog) method.
  - Customization of `ViewAttributes` via the `attributes` property is not available in the Objective-C version of `PresentationContextRaw`.
- Adds `Braze.FeatureFlag.jsonProperty(key:type:decoder:)` to decode `jsonobject` type Feature Flag properties into custom `Decodable` types.
- Deprecates the existing Feature Flag APIs, to be removed in a future version:
  - `Braze.FeatureFlag.jsonStringProperty(key:)` has been deprecated.
  - `Braze.FeatureFlag.jsonObjectProperty(key:)` has been deprecated in favor of `Braze.FeatureFlag.jsonProperty(key:)`.

##### Fixed
- Fixes an issue where the [`preferredOrientation`](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazeui/brazeinappmessageui/presentationcontext/preferredorientation) on the presentation context of an in-app message would not be respected.

## 9.2.0

##### Added
- Adds the `openNewWindowLinksInBrowser` configuration (default: `false`) to `Braze.ModalContext`.
  - Set this value in the `braze(_:willPresentModalWithContext:)` method of your `BrazeDelegate` to specify whether to launch the device browser to open web view hyperlinks that normally open a new tab or window.

##### Fixed
- Fixes an issue with the automatic push integration feature that could cause the SDK not to send the device token to Braze.
- Fixes an issue that prevented external links, which open in a new tab, from being activated in presented web views.

## 9.1.0

##### Added
- Adds support for 3 new Feature Flag property types and various APIs for accessing them:
  - `Braze.FeatureFlag.timestampProperty(key:)` for accessing `Int` Unix UTC millisecond timestamps.
  - `Braze.FeatureFlag.imageProperty(key:)` for accessing image URLs as `String`s.
  - `Braze.FeatureFlag.jsonObjectProperty(key:)` for accessing JSONs as `[String:Any]` dictionaries.
  - `Braze.FeatureFlag.jsonStringProperty(key:)` for accessing JSONs as `String`s.
- Adds safeguards when reading the device model.

##### Fixed
- Fixes the duplicate symbols compilation errors and runtime warnings that may occur under specific conditions when integrating `BrazeKit` and either `BrazeNotificationService` or `BrazePushStory` via CocoaPods.

## 9.0.0

##### Breaking
- Removes the default privacy tracking domains from the `BrazeKit` privacy manifest.
  - If you are using the Braze [data tracking features](https://www.braze.com/docs/developer_guide/platform_integration_guides/swift/privacy_manifest/), you will need to manually add your tracking endpoint to your app-level privacy manifest.
  - Refer to the updated [tutorial](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/tutorials/braze/e1-privacy-tracking) for integration guidance.
- Removes the deprecated `BrazeDelegate.braze(_:sdkAuthenticationFailedWithError)` method in favor of `BrazeSDKAuthDelegate.braze(_:sdkAuthenticationFailedWithError)`.
  - This method was originally deprecated in [release `5.14.0`](https://github.com/braze-inc/braze-swift-sdk/releases/tag/5.14.0).
  - Failing to switch to the new delegate method will not trigger a compiler error; instead, the `BrazeDelegate.braze(_:sdkAuthenticationFailedWithError)` method you define will simply not be called.

##### Fixed
- Adds the missing `NSPrivacyCollectedDataTypes` key to the `BrazePushStory` privacy manifest.

## 8.4.0

##### Added
- Expands Geofences behavior in the background while "When In Use" authorization is selected:
  - Adds the `Braze.Location.Configuration.allowBackgroundGeofenceUpdates` property to toggle whether geofences should be updated in the background.
    - When using this setting, verify that you have enabled the _Location updates_ background mode.
  - Adds the `Braze.Location.Configuration.distanceFilter` property to configure the minimum distance sensitivity for triggering a location update.
- Adds support for the `message_extras` Liquid tag for in-app messages.

## 8.3.0

##### Added
- Adds early access for a third alternative repository which provides all Braze modules as mergeable XCFrameworks. For instructions on how to leverage it, refer to the repository README:
  - [braze-inc/braze-swift-sdk-prebuilt-mergeable](https://github.com/braze-inc/braze-swift-sdk-prebuilt-mergeable)

##### Fixed
- Adds a missing privacy manifest for `BrazePushStory`.
- Fixes an invalid privacy manifest warning in `BrazeLocation` when submitting to the App Store as a dynamic XCFramework.
- Fixes an issue where already enqueued in-app messages would not be removed from the stack after subsequent `.reenqueue` and `.discard` display actions.
- Fixes an issue preventing retried requests from using an updated SDK authentication token until a new request was scheduled for processing.
- Purchases, custom events, and nested custom user attributes can now include properties with values of any type conforming to [`BinaryInteger`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/swift/binaryinteger) (`Int64`, `UInt16`, etc).
  - All values will be cast to `Int` before being logged.
  - This resolves an issue with a bugfix in `7.6.0`.

## 8.2.1

##### Fixed
- Fixes App Store validation issues when archiving with Xcode 15.3.

## 8.2.0

##### Added
- Adds support for remotely starting Live Activities via push notifications.
  - Adds the following methods to the `liveActivities` module:
    - [`registerPushToStart(forType:name:) -> Task<Void, Never>`](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazekit/braze/liveactivities-swift.class/registerpushtostart(fortype:name:))
    - [`optOutPushToStart(type:)`](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazekit/braze/liveactivities-swift.class/optoutpushtostart(type:))
  - This feature requires iOS 17.2 or higher.
  - For usage details, refer to the updated Live Activities tutorial [here](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/tutorials/braze/b4-live-activities/).
- Adds return values for existing `liveActivities` methods:
  - `launchActivity(pushTokenTag:activity:)` now returns a discardable `Task<Void, Never>?`.
- Adds `pushToStartTokens` as a new [tracking property](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazekit/braze/configuration-swift.class/trackingproperty) type.

## 8.1.0

##### Added
- Adds the `is_test_send` boolean value in the in-app message JSON representation.
- Adds the [`Braze.subscribeToSessionUpdates(_:)`](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazekit/braze/subscribetosessionupdates(_:)) method and [`Braze.sessionUpdatesStream`](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazekit/braze/sessionupdatesstream) property to subscribe to the session updates events generated by the SDK.
- Adds public APIs to access `BrazeKit`, `BrazeLocation` and `BrazeUI` resources bundles:
  - `Braze.Resources.bundle`
  - `BrazeLocationResources.bundle`
  - `BrazeUIResources.bundle`
- `BrazeKit.overrideResourceBundle` and `BrazeUI.overrideResourceBundle` have been deprecated in favor of `BrazeKit.overrideResourcesBundle` and `BrazeUI.overrideResourcesBundle`.
- Re-enables visionOS sample apps requiring SDWebImage in `Examples-CocoaPods.xcworkspace`. SDWebImage for visionOS is now supported when using CocoaPods.
- Updated SDWebImage dependency in `BrazeUICompat` to `5.19.0+`.

##### Fixed
- Fixes multiple issues on visionOS:
  - Sessions now properly start as expected.
  - The click behavior _Open Web URL Inside App_ now properly opens the URL in a modal web view. Previously, the URL would always be opened using the default web browser.
  - [Braze.Notifications.Payload.targetScene](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazekit/braze/notifications-swift.class/payload/targetscene) is now defined.
  - [Braze.URLContext.targetScene](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazekit/braze/urlcontext/targetscene) is now properly set by the SDK for in-app messages click actions.
  - [Braze.WebViewBridge.ScriptMessageHandler.init(logClick:logError:showNewsFeed:closeMessage:braze:)](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazekit/braze/webviewbridge/scriptmessagehandler/init(logclick:logerror:shownewsfeed:closemessage:braze:)-p2ki) is now defined.
  - [BrazeDelegate.braze(_:willPresentModalWithContext:)](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazekit/brazedelegate/braze(_:willpresentmodalwithcontext:)-1fj41) now has a default implementation.
  - Handling network requests and persisting data properly extend the lifetime of the application for processing.

## 8.0.1

##### Fixed
- Fixes the reported SDK version, see [8.0.0](#800).
- Removes crash data from the `BrazeKit` privacy manifest. This data type is not collected by Braze.

## 8.0.0

##### ⚠️ Warning
- This release reports the SDK version as `7.7.0` instead of `8.0.0`.

##### Breaking
- Compiles the SDK using Xcode version 15.2 (15C500b).
  - This also raises the minimum deployment targets to iOS 12.0 and tvOS 12.0.
- The `BrazeLocation` class is now marked as unavailable. It was previously deprecated in favor of `BrazeLocationProvider` in 5.8.1.

##### Added
- Adds support for visionOS 1.0.
  - ⚠️ Rich push notifications and Push Stories may not display as expected on visionOS 1.0. We are monitoring the latest versions for potential fixes.
  - ⚠️ CocoaPods is not yet supported by SDWebImage for visionOS. visionOS sample apps requiring SDWebImage have been disabled in the `Examples-CocoaPods.xcworkspace`. Refer to the SwiftPM or manual integration Xcode project instead.

## 7.7.0

##### Added
- Updates the prebuilt release assets to include the privacy manifest for manual integrations of SDWebImage.
  - Follow the [manual integration guide](https://www.braze.com/docs/developer_guide/platform_integration_guides/swift/initial_sdk_setup/installation_methods/manual_integration/?tab=static) to add the `SDWebImage.bundle` to your project for static XCFrameworks.
- Enhances support for language localizations.
  - Introduces a localization for Azerbaijani strings.
  - Updates Ukrainian localization strings for accuracy.

##### Fixed
- Fixes the default button placement for full in-app message views.
- Fixes an issue where setting `Braze.Configuration.Api.endpoint` to a URL with invalid characters could cause a crash.
  - If the SDK is given an invalid endpoint, it will no longer attempt to make network requests and will instead log an error.
- Fixes an issue preventing `BrazeLocation` from working correctly when using the dynamic XCFrameworks.

## 7.6.0

##### Added
- Adds the `Braze.InAppMessage.Data.isTestSend` property, which indicates whether an in-app message was triggered as part of a test send.
- Adds logic to separate Braze data into tracking and non-tracking requests.
  - Adds the following methods to set and edit the allow list for properties that will be used for tracking:
    - `Braze.Configuration.Api.trackingPropertyAllowList`: Set the initial allow list before initializing Braze.
    - `Braze.updateTrackingAllowList(adding:removing:)`: Update the existing allow list during runtime.
  - For full usage details on these configurations, refer to our tutorial [here](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/tutorials/braze/e1-privacy-tracking/).

##### Fixed
- Adds safeguards to prevent a rare race condition occuring in the SDK network layer.
- Prevents in-app message test sends from attempting re-display after being discarded by a custom in-app message UI delegate.
- Fixes an issue in the default Braze in-app message UI where some messages were not being removed from the stack after display.
- Fixes the compilation of `BrazeKitCompat` and `BrazeUICompat` in Objective-C++ projects.
- Fixes an issue in `BrazeUICompat` where the header text in Full or Modal in-app messages would be duplicated in place of the body text under certain conditions.
- Fixes the encoding of values of types `Float`, `Int8`, `Int16`, `Int32`, `Int64`, `UInt`, `UInt8`, `UInt16`, `UInt32` and `UInt64`. Those types were previously not supported in custom events and purchase properties.
- Fixes an issue preventing purchase events from being logged when the product identifier has a leading dollar sign.
- Fixes an issue preventing custom attributes from being logged when the attribute key has a leading dollar sign.

## 7.5.0

##### Added
- Adds privacy manifests for `BrazeKit` and `BrazeLocation` to describe Braze's data collection policies. For more details, refer to [Apple's documentation](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/bundleresources/privacy_manifest_files/describing_data_use_in_privacy_manifests) on privacy manifests.
  - More fine-tuned configurations to manage your data collection practices will be made available in a future release.
- Adds the `optInWhenPushAuthorized` configuration property to specify whether a user's notification subscription state should automatically be set to `optedIn` when updating push permissions to authorized.
- The WebKit Inspector developer tool is now enabled by default for all instances of `BrazeInAppMessagesUI.HtmlView`. It can be disabled by setting `BrazeInAppMessagesUI.HtmlView.Attributes.allowInspector` to `false`.

##### Fixed
- Fixes an issue with the code signatures of XCFrameworks introduced in `7.1.0`.
- Fixes a crash on tvOS devices running versions below 16.0, caused by the absence of the `UIApplication.openNotificationSettingsURLString` symbol in those OS versions.
- Fixes an issue where a content card would not display if the value under "Redirect to Web URL" was an empty string.
- Fixes incorrect behavior in BrazeUI where tapping the body of a `Full` or `Modal` in-app message with buttons and an "Image Only" layout would dismiss that message and process the button's click action.
  - Tapping the body will now be a no-op, bringing parity with other platforms.

## 7.4.0

##### Added
- Adds two alternative repositories to support specialized integration options. For instructions on how to leverage them, refer to their respective READMEs:
  - [braze-inc/braze-swift-sdk-prebuilt-static](https://github.com/braze-inc/braze-swift-sdk-prebuilt-static) which provides all Braze modules as static XCFrameworks.
  - [braze-inc/braze-swift-sdk-prebuilt-dynamic](https://github.com/braze-inc/braze-swift-sdk-prebuilt-dynamic) which provides all Braze modules as dynamic XCFrameworks.
- In-App Message assets from URLs containing the query parameter `cache=false` will not be prefetched.
  - Additionally, when presented as a part of In-App Messages or Content Cards, those URLs will be fetched using the [`URLRequest.CachePolicy.reloadIgnoringLocalAndRemoteCacheData`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/foundation/nsurlrequest/cachepolicy/reloadignoringlocalandremotecachedata) caching policy, which always requests a fresh version from the source and ignores any cached versions.

##### Fixed
- Fixes XCFrameworks headers to use the `#import` syntax instead of `@import` for compatibility with Objective-C++ contexts.
- Fixes the push token tag validation during Live Activity registration, accepting strings up to 256 bytes instead of 255 bytes.
- `Braze.ContentCards.unviewedCards` no longer includes Control cards to bring parity with Android and Web.
- Fixes an Objective-C metaclass crash that occurs when initializing a custom subclass of certain BrazeUI views.

## 7.3.0

##### Added
- Adds support for Expo Notifications [event listeners](https://docs.expo.dev/versions/latest/sdk/notifications/#notification-events-listeners) when using the automatic push integration.

##### Fixed
- Fixes a rare concurrency issue that might result in duplicated events when logging large amount of events.
- Fixes an issue where `user.set(dateOfBirth:)` was not setting the date of birth accurately due to variations in the device's timezone.

## 7.2.0

##### Added
- Exposes the `BrazePushStory.NotificationViewController.didReceive` methods for custom handling of push story notification events.

##### Fixed
- Resolves an issue for in-app messages with buttons where tapping on the body would incorrectly execute the button's click action.
  - Now, when you tap on the body of an in-app message with buttons, no event should occur.
- Resolves a potential deadlock under rare circumstances in BrazeUI's In-App messages presentation.
- Fixes the default implementation for the Objective-C representation of [`BrazeInAppMessageUIDelegate.inAppMessage(_:shouldProcess:url:buttonId:message:view:)`](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazeui/brazeinappmessageuidelegate/inappmessage(_:shouldprocess:buttonid:message:view:)-7lvld) to return the proper click action URL.
- Resolves an issue where the body of the modal in-app message may be displayed stretched on some device models.
- Resolves an issue where `BrazeInAppMessageUI` could fail to detect the correct application window for presenting its post-click webview.
  - `BrazeInAppMessageUI` now prefers using the current key `UIWindow` instead of the first one in the application's window stack.

##### Removed
- `Braze.Configuration.DeviceProperty.pushDisplayOptions` has been deprecated. Providing this value no longer has an effect.

## 7.1.0

##### Fixed
- Resolves an issue preventing templated in-app messages from triggering if a previous attempt to display the message failed within the same session.
- Fixes an issue that prevented custom events and nested custom attributes from logging if had a property with a value that was prefixed with a `$`.
- Fixes a bug in the Content Cards feed UI where the empty feed message would not display when the user only had control cards in their feed.
- Adds additional safeguards when reading the device model.

##### Added
- Adds a code signature to all XCFrameworks in the Braze Swift SDK, signed by `Braze, Inc.`.
- `BrazeInAppMessageUI.DisplayChoice.later` has been deprecated in favor of `BrazeInAppMessageUI.DisplayChoice.reenqueue`.

## 7.0.0

##### Breaking
- The `useUUIDAsDeviceId` configuration is now enabled by default.
  - For more details on the impacts, refer to this [Collecting IDFV - Swift](https://www.braze.com/docs/developer_guide/platform_integration_guides/swift/analytics/swift_idfv/).
- The `Banner` Content Card type and corresponding UI elements have been renamed to `ImageOnly`. All member methods and properties remain the same.
  - `Braze.ContentCard.Banner` → `Braze.ContentCard.ImageOnly`
  - `BrazeContentCardUI.BannerCell` → `BrazeContentCardUI.ImageOnlyCell`
- Refactors some text layout logic in BrazeUI into a new `Braze.ModalTextView` class.
- Updates the behavior for Feature Flags methods.
  - `FeatureFlags.featureFlag(id:)` now returns `nil` for an ID that does not exist.
  - `FeatureFlags.subscribeToUpdates(:)` will trigger the callback when any refresh request completes with a success or failure.
    - The callback will also trigger immediately upon initial subscription if previously cached data exists from the current session.

##### Fixed
- Fixes compiler warnings about Swift 6 when compiling `BrazeUI` while using Xcode 15.
- Exposes public imports for `ABKClassicImageContentCardCell.h` and `ABKControlTableViewCell.h` for use in the BrazeUICompat layer.
- Adds additional safeguards around invalid constraint values for `BrazeInAppMessageUI.SlideupView`.
- Resolves a Content Cards feed UI issue displaying a placeholder image in Classic cards without an attached image.

##### Added
- Adds the `enableDarkTheme` property to `BrazeContentCardUI.ViewController.Attributes`.
  - Set this field to `false` to prevent the Content Cards feed UI from adopting dark theme styling when the device is in dark mode.
  - This field is `true` by default.

## 6.6.2

##### Fixed
- Fixes an issue preventing purchase events from being logged when the product identifier has a leading dollar sign ($).
- Fixes an issue preventing custom attributes from being logged when the attribute key has a leading dollar sign ($).

## 6.6.1

##### Fixed
- Fixes a crash in the geofences feature that could occur when the number of monitored regions exceeded the maximum count.
- Fixes an issue introduced in `6.3.1` that would always update a user's push subscription status to `optedIn` on app launch if push permissions were authorized on the device settings.
  - The SDK now will only send the subscription status at app launch if the device notification settings goes from denied to authorized.
- `Braze.ContentCard.logClick(using braze: Braze)` will now log a click regardless of whether the `ContentCard` has a `ClickAction`.
  - This behavior differs from the default API `Braze.ContentCard.Context.logClick()`, which has the safeguard of requiring a `ClickAction` to log a click.

## 6.6.0

##### Fixed
- Fixes an issue in HTML in-app messages where custom event and purchase properties would always convert values for `1` and `0` to become `true` and `false`, respectively.
  - These property values will now respect their original form in the HTML.
- Prevents the default Braze UI from displaying in-app messages underneath the keyboard when Stage Manager is in use.

##### Added
- Adds the [`Braze.FeatureFlags.logFeatureFlagImpression(id: String)`](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazekit/braze/featureflags-swift.class/logfeatureflagimpression(id:)) method.
- Adds the optional `merge` parameter to the Objective-C representation of the [`setCustomAttribute(key:dictionary:merge:)`](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazekit/braze/user-swift.class/setcustomattribute(key:dictionary:merge:fileid:line:)) method.

## 6.5.0

##### Fixed
- Content card impressions can now be logged any number of times on a single card, bringing parity with Android and Web.
  - This removes the limit introduced in 6.3.1 where a card impression could only be logged once per session.
  - In the Braze-provided Content Cards feed UI, impressions will be logged once per feed instance.

##### Added
- Adds a simplified method for integrating push notification support into your application:
  - Automatic push integration can be enabled by setting `configuration.push.automation = true` on your configuration object.
    - This eliminates the need for the manual push integration outlined in the [_Implement the push notification handlers manually_](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/tutorials/braze/b1-standard-push-notifications#Option-2-Implement-the-push-notification-handlers-manually) tutorial section.
    - When enabled, the SDK will automatically implement the necessary system delegate methods for handling push notifications.
    - Compatibility with other push providers, whether first or third party, is maintained. The SDK will automatically handle only Braze push notifications, while original system delegate methods will be executed for all other push notifications.
  - Each automation step can be independently enabled or disabled. For example, `configuration.push.automation.requestAuthorizationAtLaunch = false` can be used to prevent the automatic request for push permissions at launch.
  - Resources:
    - Updated [_Standard Push Notifications_](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/tutorials/braze/b1-standard-push-notifications) tutorial.
    - [`Braze.Configuration.Push.automation`](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazekit/braze/configuration-swift.class/push-swift.class/automation-swift.property) property.
    - [`Braze.Configuration.Push.Automation`](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazekit/braze/configuration-swift.class/push-swift.class/automation-swift.class) type (provides details about the behavior of each automation step).
- Adds the [`Braze.Configuration.forwardUniversalLinks`](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazekit/braze/configuration-swift.class/forwarduniversallinks) configuration. When enabled, the SDK will redirect universal links from Braze campaigns to the appropriate system methods.
- Adds the [`Braze.Notifications.subscribeToUpdates(_:)`](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazekit/braze/notifications-swift.class/subscribetoupdates(_:)) method to subscribe to the push notifications handled by the SDK.
  - This method runs the provided closure with a [`Braze.Notifications.Payload`](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazekit/braze/notifications-swift.class/payload) class representing the processed push notification.
- Adds the [`Braze.Notifications.deviceToken`](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazekit/braze/notifications-swift.class/devicetoken) property to access the most recent notification device token received by the SDK.

## 6.4.0

##### Fixed
- Fixes an issue preventing text fields from being selected in HTML IAMs for iOS 15.
- Fixes an issue where the device model was inaccurately reported as iPad on macOS (_Mac Catalyst_ and _Designed for iPad_ configurations).
- Fixes an issue where custom event and purchase properties would not accept an entry if its value was an empty string.
- Fixes a crash that occurred in the default UI for Content Cards when encountering a zero-value aspect ratio.
- Fixes an issue introduced in 6.0.0 where images in in-app messages would appear smaller than expected when using the compatibility UI (`BrazeUICompat`).

##### Added
- Adds the `unviewedCards` convenience property to the `Braze.ContentCards` class to get the unviewed content cards for the current user.

## 6.3.1

##### Fixed
- Fixes an issue where the previous user's data would not be flushed after calling `changeUser(userId:sdkAuthSignature:)` when the SDK authentication feature is enabled.
- A content card impression can now be logged once per session. Previously, the Braze-provided Content Cards UI would limit to a single impression per card at maximum, irrespective of sessions.
- Fixes an issue that previously caused push notification URLs with percent-encoded characters to fail during decoding.
- Fixes a behavior to automatically set a user's push subscription state to [`optedIn`][opted-in] after push permissions have explicitly been authorized via the Settings app.
- Correctly hides shadows on in-app messages that are configured with a transparent background.
- Fixes a rare crash occurring when deinitializing the Braze instance.

##### Added
- Adds additional logging for network-related decoding errors.

[opted-in]: https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazekit/braze/user-swift.class/subscriptionstate/optedin

## 6.3.0

##### Fixed
- "Confirm" and "Cancel" notification categories now show the correct titles on the action buttons.

##### Added
- Adds a new `SDKMetadata` option `.reactnativenewarch` for the React Native New Architecture.
- Adds public initializers for [`Braze.URLContext`][url-context] and [`Braze.ModalContext`][modal-context].

[url-context]: https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazekit/braze/urlcontext/
[modal-context]: https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazekit/braze/modalcontext/

## 6.2.0

##### Fixed
- Fixes a crash introduced in 6.0.0 when displaying an HTML in-app message using the `BrazeUICompat` module.
- Removed a system call that is known to be slow on older versions of macOS. This resolves the SDK hanging during initialization on Mac Catalyst when running on affected macOS versions.

##### Added
- Adds support for `target` attributes on anchor tags in HTML in-app messages (e.g. `<a href="..." target="_blank"></a>`).
  - Adding the `target` attribute to links will allow them to open in a new webview without dismissing the current in-app message.
  - This behavior can be disabled via the `linkTargetSupport` property of the `BrazeInAppMessageUI.HtmlView.Attributes` struct.
  - See our [Custom HTML in-app messages](https://www.braze.com/docs/user_guide/message_building_by_channel/in-app_messages/traditional/customize/html_in-app_messages/) documentation page for more details.

## 6.1.0

##### Fixed
- Fixes an issue that led to disproportionately large close buttons on in-app messages when the user has set a large font size in the device settings.
- Fixes an issue that would lock the screen in a specific orientation after the dismissal of an in-app message customized to be presented in that orientation.
  - This issue only impacted iOS 16.0+ devices.

##### Added
- Adds new versions of `setCustomAttribute` to the User object to support [nested custom attributes][nca-docs].
  - Renames `User.setCustomAttributeArray(key: String, array: [String]?)` to `setCustomAttribute(…)` to align it with other custom attribute setters, and adds "string" to the `addTo` and `removeFrom` attribute array methods to clarify which custom attributes they're used for.

[nca-docs]: https://www.braze.com/docs/user_guide/data_and_analytics/custom_data/custom_attributes/nested_custom_attribute_support

## 6.0.0

##### Breaking
- The in-app message data models sent to [`BrazeInAppMessagePresenter.present(message:)`](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazekit/brazeinappmessagepresenter/present(message:)) now contain remote asset URLs. Previously, these data models would contain local asset URLs.
  - This change is only breaking in two situations:
    - When implementing a custom `BrazeInAppMessagePresenter`.
    - When relying on asset URLs being local in the message provided by [`BrazeInAppMessageUIDelegate.inAppMessage(_:displayChoiceForMessage:)`](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazeui/brazeinappmessageuidelegate/inappmessage(_:displaychoiceformessage:)-9w1nb)
  - The in-app message data models available from the other [`BrazeInAppMessageUIDelegate`](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazeui/brazeinappmessageuidelegate) methods remain unchanged and contain local asset URLs.

##### Added
- The in-app message context now provides two additional methods:
  - [`getLocalAssets(urls:destinationURL:completionHandler:)`](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazekit/braze/inappmessageraw/context-swift.class/getlocalassets(urls:destinationurl:completionhandler:)): Retrieves the local assets associated with the given remote asset URLs.
  - [`withLocalAssets(message:destinationURL:completionHandler:)`](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazekit/braze/inappmessageraw/context-swift.class/withlocalassets(message:destinationurl:completionhandler:)): Returns a modified in-app message with all remote asset URLs replaced with local ones.

## 5.14.0

##### Fixed
- VoiceOver now correctly focuses on in-app message views when they are presented.
- Fixes an issue causing in-app messages with re-eligibility disabled to display multiple times under certain conditions.
- Fixes an issue where modal and full in-app message headers were truncated on devices running iOS versions lower than 16 when displaying non-ASCII characters.
- The dynamic variant of `BrazeUI.framework` in the release artifact `braze-swift-sdk-prebuilt.zip` is now an actual dynamic framework. Previously, this specific framework was mistakenly distributed as a static framework.

##### Added
- Adds the `BrazeSDKAuthDelegate` protocol as a separate protocol from `BrazeDelegate`, allowing for more flexible integrations.
  - Apps implementing `BrazeDelegate.braze(_:sdkAuthenticationFailedWithError:)` should migrate to use `BrazeSDKAuthDelegate` and remove the old implementation. The `BrazeDelegate` method will be removed in a future major release.

## 5.13.0

##### Fixed
- Fixes an issue where the SDK would automatically track body clicks on non-legacy HTML in-app messages.

##### Added
- Adds the synchronous `deviceId` property on the Braze instance.
  - `deviceId(queue:completion:)` is now deprecated.
  - `deviceId() async` is now deprecated.
- Adds the `automaticBodyClicks` property to the HTML in-app message view attributes. This property can be used to enable automatic body clicks tracking on non-legacy HTML in-app messages.
  - This property is `false` by default.
  - This property is ignored for legacy HTML in-app messages.

## 5.12.0

> Starting with this release, this SDK will use [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/).

##### Added
- Adds `json()` and `decoding(json:)` public methods to the Feature Flag model object for JSON encoding/decoding.

## 5.11.2

##### Fixed
- Fixes a crash occurring when the SDK is configured with a flush interval of `0` and network connectivity is poor.

## 5.11.1

##### Fixed
- Fixes an issue preventing the correct calculation of the delay when retrying failed requests. This led to a more aggressive retry schedule than intended.
- Improves the performance of Live Activity tracking by de-duping push token tag requests.
- Fixes an issue in `logClick(using:)` where it would incorrectly open the `url` field in addition to logging a click for metrics. It now only logs a click for metrics.
  - This applies to the associated APIs for content cards, in-app messages, and news feed cards.
  - It is still recommended to use the associated `Context` object to log interactions instead of these APIs.

##### Added
- Adds [`BrazeKit.overrideResourceBundle`] and [`BrazeUI.overrideResourceBundle`] to allow for custom resource bundles to be used by the SDK.
  - This feature is useful when your setup prevents you from using the default resource bundle (e.g. Tuist).

[`BrazeKit.overrideResourceBundle`]: https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazekit/overrideresourcebundle
[`BrazeUI.overrideResourceBundle`]: https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazeui/overrideresourcebundle/

## 5.11.0

##### Added
- Adds support for [Live Activities](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/activitykit/displaying-live-data-with-live-activities) via the `liveActivities` module on the Braze instance.
  - This feature provides the following new methods for tracking and managing Live Activities with the Braze push server:
    - `launchActivity(pushTokenTag:activity:)`
    - `resumeActivities(ofType:)`
  - This feature requires iOS 16.1 and up.
  - To learn how to integrate this feature, refer to the [setup tutorial](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/tutorials/braze/b4-live-activities/).
- Adds logic to re-synchronize Content Cards on SDK version changes.
- Adds provisional support for Xcode 14.3 Beta via the [`braze-inc/braze-swift-sdk-xcode-14-3-preview`](https://github.com/braze-inc/braze-swift-sdk-xcode-14-3-preview) repository.

## 5.10.1

##### Changed
- Dynamic versions of the prebuilt xcframeworks are now available in the `braze-swift-sdk-prebuilt.zip` release artifact.

## 5.10.0

##### Fixed
- Fixes an issue where test content cards were removed before their expiration date.
- Fixes an issue in `BrazeUICompat` where the status bar appearance wasn't restored to its original state after dismissing a full in-app message.
- Fixes an issue when decoding notification payloads where some valid boolean values weren't correctly parsed.

##### Changed
- In-app modal and full-screen messages are now rendered with `UITextView`, which better supports large amounts of text and extended UTF code points.

## 5.9.1

##### Fixed
- Fixes an issue preventing local expired content cards from being removed.
- Fixes a behavior that could lead to background tasks extending beyond the expected time limit with inconsistent network connectivity.

##### Added
- Adds `logImpression(using:)` and `logClick(buttonId:using:)` to news feed cards.

## 5.9.0

##### Breaking
- Raises the minimum deployment target to iOS 11.0 and tvOS 11.0.
- Raises the Xcode version to 14.1 (14B47b).

##### Fixed
- Fixes an issue where the post-click webview would close automatically in some cases.
- Fixes a behavior where the current user messaging data would not be directly available after initializing the SDK or calling `changeUser(userId:)`.
- Fixes an issue preventing News Feed data models from being available offline.
- Fixes an issue where the release binaries could emit warnings when generating dSYMs.

##### Changed
- SwiftPM and CocoaPods now use the same release assets.

##### Added
- Adds support for the upcoming Braze Feature Flags product.
- Adds the `braze-swift-sdk-prebuilt.zip` archive to the release assets.
  - This archive contains the prebuilt xcframeworks and their associated resource bundles.
  - The content of this archive can be used to manually integrate the SDK.
- Adds the `Examples-Manual.xcodeproj` showcasing how to integrate the SDK using the prebuilt release assets.
- Adds support for Mac Catalyst for example applications, available at [Support/Examples/](./Support/Examples/README.md)
- Adds support to convert from `Data` into an in-app message, content card, or news feed card via `decoding(json:)`.

## 5.8.1

##### Fixed
- Fixes a conflict with the shared instance of [`ProcessInfo`], allowing low power mode notifications to trigger correctly.

##### Changed
- Renames the `BrazeLocation` class to `BrazeLocationProvider` to avoid shadowing the module of the same name ([SR-14195](https://bugs.swift.org/browse/SR-14195)).

[`ProcessInfo`]: https://developer.apple.com/documentation/foundation/processinfo

## 5.8.0

To help migrate your app from the Appboy-iOS-SDK to our Swift SDK, this release includes the `Appboy-iOS-SDK` [migration guide]:
- Follow step-by-step instructions to migrate each feature to the new APIs.
- Includes instructions for a minimal migration scenario via our compatibility libraries.

##### Added
- Adds compatibility libraries `BrazeKitCompat` and `BrazeUICompat`:
  - Provides all the old APIs from `Appboy-iOS-SDK` to easily start migrating to the Swift SDK.
  - See the [migration guide] for more details.
- Adds support for [News Feed](https://www.braze.com/docs/user_guide/engagement_tools/news_feed) data models and analytics.
  - News Feed UI is not supported by the Swift SDK. See the [migration guide] for instructions on using the compatibility UI.

[migration guide]: https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/braze/appboy-migration-guide

## 5.7.0

##### Fixed
- Fixes an issue where modal image in-app messages would not respect the aspect ratio of the image when the height of the image is larger than its width.

##### Changed
- Changes modal, modal image, full, and full image in-app message view attributes to use the `ViewDimension` type for their `minWidth`, `maxWidth` and `maxHeight` attributes.
  - The `ViewDimension` type enables providing different values for regular and large size-classes.

##### Added
- Adds a configuration to use a randomly generated UUID instead of IDFV as the device ID: [`useUUIDAsDeviceId`](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazekit/braze/configuration-swift.class/useuuidasdeviceid).
  - This configuration defaults to `false`. To opt in to this feature, set this value to `true`.
  - Enabling this value will only affect new devices. Existing devices will use the device identifier that was previously registered.

## 5.6.4

##### Fixed
- Fixes an issue preventing the execution of `BrazeDelegate` methods when setting the delegate using Objective-C.
- Fixes an issue where triggering an in-app message twice with the same event did not place the message on the in-app message stack under certain conditions.

##### Added
- Adds the public `id` field to `Braze.InAppMessage.Data`.
- Adds `logImpression(using:)` and `logClick(buttonId:using:)` to both in-app messages and content cards, and adds `logDismissed(using:)` to content cards.
  - It is recommended to continue using the associated `Context` to log impressions, clicks, and dismissals for the majority of use cases.
- Adds Swift concurrency to support async/await versions of the following public methods. These methods can be used as alternatives to their corresponding counterparts that use completion handlers:
  - [`Braze.User.id()`]
  - [`Braze.deviceId()`]
  - [`ContentCards.requestRefresh()`]
  - [`ContentCards.cardsStream`] as an alternative to [`ContentCards.subscribeToUpdates(_:)`]

[Appboy-iOS-SDK: Migration guide]: https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/braze/appboy-migration-guide
[`Braze.User.id()`]: https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazekit/braze/user-swift.class/id()
[`Braze.deviceId()`]: https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazekit/braze/deviceid()
[`ContentCards.requestRefresh()`]: https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazekit/braze/contentcards-swift.class/requestrefresh()
[`ContentCards.cardsStream`]: https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazekit/braze/contentcards-swift.class/cardsstream
[`ContentCards.subscribeToUpdates(_:)`]: https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazekit/braze/contentcards-swift.class/subscribetoupdates(_:)

## 5.6.3

##### Fixed
- Fixes the `InAppMessageRaw` to `InAppMessage` conversion to properly take into account the `extras` dictionary and the `duration`.
- Fixes an issue preventing the execution of the [`braze(_:sdkAuthenticationFailedWithError:)`](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazekit/brazedelegate/braze(_:sdkauthenticationfailedwitherror:)-505pz) delegate method in case of an authentication error.

##### Changed
- Improves error logging descriptions for HTTP requests and responses.

## 5.6.2

##### Changed
- Corrected the version number from the previous release.

## 5.6.1

##### Added
- Adds the public initializers `Braze.ContentCard.Context(card:using:)` and `Braze.InAppMessage.Context(message:using:)`.

## 5.6.0

##### Fixed
- The modal webview controller presented after a click now correctly handles non-HTTP(S) URLs (e.g. App Store URLs).
- Fixes an issue preventing some test HTML in-app messages from displaying images.

##### Added
- Learn how to easily customize `BrazeUI` in-app message and content cards UI components with the following documentation and example code:
  - [In-App Message UI Customization] article
  - [Content Cards UI Customization] article
  - `InAppMessageUI-Customization` example scheme
  - `ContentCardUI-Customization` example scheme
- Adds new attributes to `BrazeUI` in-app message UI components:
  - `cornerCurve` to change the [`cornerCurve`]
  - `buttonsAttributes` to change the font, spacing and corner radius of the buttons
  - `imageCornerRadius` to change the image corner radius for slideups
  - `imageCornerCurve` to change the image [`cornerCurve`] for slideups
  - `dismissible` to change whether slideups can be interactively dismissed
- Adds direct accessors to the in-app message view subclass on the [`BrazeInAppMessageUI.messageView`] property.
  - [`slideup`], [`modal`], [`modalImage`], [`full`], [`fullImage`], [`html`], [`control`].
- Adds direct accessors to the content card `title`, `description` and `domain` when available.
- Adds `Braze.Notifications.isInternalNotification` to check if a push notification was sent by Braze for an internal feature.
- Adds [`brazeBridge.changeUser()`] to the HTML in-app messages JavaScript bridge.

[In-App Message UI Customization]: https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/braze/in-app-message-customization
[Content Cards UI Customization]: https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/braze/content-cards-customization
[`cornerCurve`]: https://developer.apple.com/documentation/quartzcore/calayer/3152596-cornercurve
[`BrazeInAppMessageUI.messageView`]: https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazeui/brazeinappmessageui/messageview
[`brazeBridge.changeUser()`]: https://www.braze.com/docs/user_guide/message_building_by_channel/in-app_messages/customize/html_in-app_messages/#bridge
[`slideup`]: https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazeui/inappmessageview/slideup
[`modal`]: https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazeui/inappmessageview/modal
[`modalImage`]: https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazeui/inappmessageview/modalimage
[`full`]: https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazeui/inappmessageview/full
[`fullImage`]: https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazeui/inappmessageview/fullimage
[`html`]: https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazeui/inappmessageview/html
[`control`]: https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazeui/inappmessageview/control

##### Changed

- The `applyAttributes()` method for `BrazeContentCardUI` views now take the `attributes` explicitly as a parameter.

## 5.5.1

##### Fixed
- Fixes an issue where content cards would not be properly removed when stopping a content card campaign on the dashboard and selecting the option _Remove card after the next sync (e.g. session start)_.

## 5.5.0

##### Added
- Adds support for host apps written in Objective-C.
  - Braze Objective-C types start either with `BRZ` or `Braze`, e.g.:
    - `Braze`
    - `BrazeDelegate`
    - `BRZContentCardRaw`
  - See our Objective-C [Examples](Examples/) project.
- Adds [`BrazeDelegate.braze(_:noMatchingTriggerForEvent:)`](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazekit/brazedelegate/braze(_:nomatchingtriggerforevent:)-8rt7y) which is called if no Braze in-app message is triggered for a given event.

##### Changed
- In `Braze.Configuration.Api`:
  - Renamed `SdkMetadata` to `SDKMetadata`.
  - Renamed `addSdkMetadata(_:)` to `addSDKMetadata(_:)`.
- In `Braze.InAppMessage`:
  - Renamed `Themes.default` to `Themes.defaults`.
  - Renamed `ClickAction.uri` to `ClickAction.url`.
  - Renamed `ClickAction.uri(_:useWebView:)` to `ClickAction.url(_:useWebView:)`.

## 5.4.0

##### Fixed
- Fixes an issue where `brazeBridge.logClick(button_id)` would incorrectly accept invalid `button_id` values like `""`, `[]`, or `{}`.

##### Added
- Adds support for Braze Action Deeplink Click Actions.

## 5.3.2

##### Fixed
- Fixes an issue preventing compilation when importing `BrazeUI` via SwiftPM in specific cases.
- Lowers `BrazeUI` minimum deployment target to iOS 10.0.

## 5.3.1

##### Fixed
- Fixes an HTML in-app message issue where clicking a link in an iFrame would launch a separate webview and close the message, instead of redirecting within the iFrame.
- Fixes the rounding of In-App Message modal view top corners.
- Fixes the display of modals and full screen in-app messages on iPads in landscape mode.

##### Added
- Adds two Example schemes:
  - InAppMessage-Custom-UI:
    - Demonstrates how to implement your own custom In-App Message UI.
    - Available on iOS and tvOS.
  - ContentCards-Custom-UI:
    - Demonstrates how to implement your own custom Content Card UI.
    - Available on iOS and tvOS.
- Adds [`Braze.InAppMessage.ClickAction.uri`](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazekit/braze/inappmessage/clickaction/uri) for direct access.
- Adds [`Braze.ContentCard.ClickAction.uri`](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazekit/braze/contentcard/clickaction/uri/) for direct access.
- Adds [`Braze.deviceId(queue:completion:)`](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/documentation/brazekit/braze/deviceid(queue:completion:)) to retrieve the device identifier used by Braze.

## 5.3.0

##### Added
- Adds support for tvOS.
  - See the schemes _Analytics-tvOS_ and _Location-tvOS_ in the [Examples](Examples/) project.

## 5.2.0

##### Added
- Adds [Content Cards](https://www.braze.com/docs/user_guide/message_building_by_channel/content_cards) support.
  - See the [_Content Cards UI_](https://braze-inc.github.io/braze-swift-sdk/tutorials/braze/c2-contentcardsui) tutorial to get started.

##### Changed
- Raises `BrazeUI` minimum deployment target to iOS 11.0 to allow providing SwiftUI compatible Views.

## 5.1.0

##### Fixed
- Fixes an issue where the SDK would be unable to present a webview when the application was already presenting a modal view controller.
- Fixes an issue preventing a full device data update after changing the identified user.
- Fixes an issue preventing events and user attributes from being flushed automatically under certain conditions.
- Fixes an issue delaying updates to push notifications settings.

##### Added
- Adds CocoaPods support.
  - Pods:
    - [BrazeKit](https://cocoapods.org/pods/BrazeKit)
    - [BrazeUI](https://cocoapods.org/pods/BrazeUI)
    - [BrazeLocation](https://cocoapods.org/pods/BrazeLocation)
    - [BrazeNotificationService](https://cocoapods.org/pods/BrazeNotificationService)
    - [BrazePushStory](https://cocoapods.org/pods/BrazePushStory)
  - See [Examples/Podfile](Examples/Podfile) for example integration.
- Adds `Braze.UIUtils.activeTopmostViewController` to get the topmost view controller that is currently being presented by the application.

## 5.0.1

##### Fixed
- Fixes a race condition when retrieving the user's notification settings.
- Fixes an issue where duplicate data could be recorded after force quitting the application.

## 5.0.0 (Early Access)

We are excited to announce the initial release of the Braze Swift SDK!

The Braze Swift SDK is set to replace the [current Braze iOS SDK](https://github.com/Appboy/appboy-ios-sdk/) and provides a more modern API, simpler integration, and better performance.

### Current limitations

The following features are not supported yet:
- ~~Objective-C integration~~
  - Added in [5.5.0](#550)
- ~~tvOS integration~~
  - Added in [5.3.0](#530)
- ~~News Feed~~
  - Added in [5.7.0](#570)
- ~~Content Cards~~
  - Added in [5.2.0](#520)
